The sweet sound of bluejays wafted through the window like the melodic
scent of fresh baked cookies during Thanksgiving. Feeling something
stirring at her side, Vicky opened her eyes, and watched as her
vantablack cat, Nigel, lept behind the curtains at the windowsill to
peer longingly at the tantalising blue morsels outside. Nigel had
trouble showing affection, but Vicky still knew that he had been
curled up against her until shortly before waking.

Percy—the more instagrammable of her two cats—yawned and rolled
closer, snuggling up against Vicky's side with the self-confidence of
a feline who knew that no matter what, he would always be loved.

Vicky enjoyed the warm comfort of her bed for a moment. She had no pressing
tasks to do today, and so she luxuriated in the feel of her exquistively
comfortable matress, bamboo sheets, and well-behaved cats.  But
before long she stretched and began to sit up, ready for the day ahead.

Her personal cloud of devices detected the movement, and selected a
song to quietly play, based upon an analysis of Vicky's recent
social media streams, listening habits, online reading, physical
activity, calendar, to-do list, email, and Amazon Extracto coffee
purchasing history.  It was a catchy upbeat number from a 1950s
musical theatre production, and it was perfect tune for what would be
a perfect day.

Getting up, Vicky opened the curtains, and looked out onto the
beautiful autumn morning in her little Portland neighbourhood. The sky was
bright yet pleasantly overcast, and the trees a stunning cacophony of
anthocyanin and carotenoid pigments. Looking down towards the street
people were beginning to start their day; a cyclist rode past on a
kombucha delivery, and a neighbour carrying a miniture French Bulldog
was enjoying the crisp morning air.

It was going to be a good day, and Vicky felt immensely relaxed and
full of contentment. Her newsletter had been written, her statement of
work sent off, and recent developments removing humans from the
control of economic resources meant that money was no longer something
to worry about; Vicky really could enjoy this day without almost a
care in the world. She made her way downstairs, the cats weaving about
her legs and excited for breakfast.  She scritched them behind the
ears and opened two cans for their morning meal, donned her
dinosaur-print aprin, and then began her own morning ritual.

Even though her House Intelligence could prepare a perfect cup of
coffee, Vicky enjoyed the meditative process of making her coffee by
hand. It took some time to weigh the beans precisely, prepare the
aeropress, and grind the coffee by hand, but it allowed her to reflect
upon her recent achievements and enjoy the simple affection of warm
cats that had been recently fed. Today she added in a couple of Californian
Bay nuts, which she had roasted herself, and which would impart
wonderfully deep and rich flavours to her morning brew.

While waiting for her water to heat to 93°C, Vicky caressed the screen of her
kitchen tablet. It brightened into life, the screen predicting sunshine for the
afternoon, and listing a number of loving and congratulatory messages from
friends and associates. Vicky had always been a highly acclaimed speaker and
writer, but she had recently published her greatest and most pragmatic work
yet, and it was proving to be an outstanding success.

She opened a notification that her tablet rated as being highly
enjoyable, and the screen filled with a picture of the extraordinarily
attractive OpenSource.com editors holding a large "Congratulations
Vicky" banner, printed in Comic Sans. It warmed Vicky's heart like a
hot bowl of phở on a cold winter's day.

A second notification was a heartfelt letter of thanks from all the people who
had stayed or brunched at Vicky's Home for Wayward Australians, including Kate, Paul,
Ducky, Josh, Chris, and Genehack. After that was a note from Katie
Glasnt herself. This was particularly touching, as Katie was universally
admired as a total badass and wonderful human being, and had taken time out of
her teaching and coding schedule to write a hand-written letter congratulating
Vicky on her success.

The kettle beeped, and Vicky prepared her brew. Carrying it into the
living room she opened the curtains wide, and sat down on her
comfortable couch. Opening her favourite book on Japanese fireworks,
she idly stroked the cat that had jumped into her lap. Engrossed in
the hand-drawn images, it wasn't until much later that she looked down
to realise it was Nigel that had fallen asleep on her, something that
*never* happened.

This really was the start to a perfect day.
